"The critical ingredient is getting off your butt and doing something. It's as simple as that." - Nolan Bushnell
"If you're not a risk-taker, you should get the hell out of business." - Ray Kroc
"The biggest risk is not taking any risk. In a world that's changing really quickly, the only strategy that is guaranteed to fail is not taking risks." - Mark Zuckerberg
"Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work." - Steve Jobs
"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful." - Albert Schweitzer
"I'm not afraid of dying, I'm afraid of not trying." - Jay Z
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." - Walt Disney
"The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams." - Oprah Winfrey
"Don't worry about failure; you only have to be right once." - Drew Houston
"I never dreamed about success. I worked for it." - Estée Lauder
"The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus." - Bruce Lee
"The only thing worse than starting something and failing is not starting something." - Seth Godin
"You don't learn to walk by following rules. You learn by doing and by falling over." - Richard Branson
"Chase the vision, not the money. The money will end up following you." - Tony Hsieh
"Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning." - Bill Gates
"If you can dream it, you can do it." - Walt Disney
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"I'd rather regret the things I've done than regret the things I haven't done." - Lucille Ball
"I'm convinced that about half of what separates successful entrepreneurs from the non-successful ones is pure perseverance." - Steve Jobs
"The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now." - Chinese Proverb
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." - Thomas Edison
"Timing, perseverance, and ten years of trying will eventually make you look like an overnight success." - Biz Stone
"I don't believe in taking right decisions. I take decisions and then make them right." - Ratan Tata
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
"Life is not always a matter of holding good cards, but sometimes, playing a poor hand well." - Jack London
"The most valuable thing you can make is a mistake – you can't learn anything from being perfect." - Adam Osborne
"Do not be embarrassed by your failures, learn from them and start again." - Richard Branson
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started." - Mark Twain
"It's not about ideas. It's about making ideas happen." - Scott Belsky
"Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
"Everything in life is a mind game. Whenever we get swept under by life's dramas, large and small, we are forgetting that no matter how bad the pain gets, no matter how harrowing the torture, all bad things end." - David Goggins
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"If you're not embarrassed by the first version of your product, you've launched too late." - Reid Hoffman
"Life is too short to do mediocre work and it is definitely too short to build shitty things." - Stewart Butterfield
"I skate to where the puck is going to be, not where it has been." - Wayne Gretzky
"Your brand is what other people say about you when you're not in the room." - Jeff Bezos
"It's fine to celebrate success, but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure." - Bill Gates
"Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice." - Steve Jobs
"I'm the best ever. I'm the most brutal and vicious, and most ruthless champion there's ever been. There's no one can stop me." - Mike Tyson
"The man who has no imagination has no wings." - Muhammad Ali
"The only way to win is to learn faster than anyone else." - Eric Ries
"The best way to predict the future is to invent it." - Alan Kay
"The secret of change is to focus all of your energy, not on fighting the old, but on building the new." - Socrates
"Stay hungry, stay foolish." - Steve Jobs
"Make every detail perfect and limit the number of details to perfect." - Jack Dorsey
"Done is better than perfect." - Sheryl Sandberg
"If everything seems under control, you're not going fast enough." - Mario Andretti
"The value of an idea lies in the using of it." - Thomas Edison
"When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor." - Elon Musk